in this lecture we continue discussing
parity Comerica relation discovery
earlier we introduced a method called
expected overlap Awards in context in
this method we represent each context by
a word vector that represents the
probability of a word in the context and
we measure the similarity by using the
dot product which can be interpreted as
the probability that to randomly pick
the words from the two contexts are
identical we also discussed the two
problems of this method the first is
that it favors matching one frequent
term very well over matching more
distinct two terms it put too much
emphasis on matching one tone very well
the second is that it treats every word
equally even a common water like the
would contribute equally as a Content
word like eat
so now we are going to talk about how to
solve these problems most specifically
we're going to introduce some retrieval
heuristics used in text retrieval and
these heuristics can effectively solve
these problems as these problems also
occur in text retrieval when we match a
query vector with a token collector so
to address the first problem we can use
a sub linear transformation of turn
frequency that is we don't have to use
the raw frequency count of a term to
represent the context we can transform
it to some form that wouldn't emphasize
so much on the raw frequency to adjust
the signal problem we can put more
weight on rare times there is a weekend
reward and matching a real word and this
heuristic is called IDF term waiting in
text retrieval IDF stands for inverse
talking in the frequency so now we're
going to talk about the two heuristics
in more detail first let's talk about
the TF transformation that is to convert
the raw count of a word in the document
into some weight that reflects our
belief about how important this were in
the document and so that would be
denoted by T F of W and D as shown in
the y-axis now in general there are many
ways to map that and let's first look at
a simple way of mapping and then in this
case we're going to say well any
non-zero counts will be mapped to one
and the zero column will be mapped to
zero so with this mapping all the
frequencies will be mapped to only two
values 0 or 1 and the mapping function
is shown here as a flat line here now
this is not even because it nor the
frequency of words
however this actually has the advantage
of emphasizing matching all the words in
the context ok so it does not allow a
frequent word to dominate the match now
the approach that we have taken earlier
in the expected overlap account approach
is the linear transformation we
basically take Y as the same as X so we
use the raw count as a representation
and that created the problem that we
just talked about namely it answers too
much on just matching one frequent the
term matching one free clinton can
contribute a lot so we can have a lot of
other interesting transformations in
between the two extremes and they
generally form a sub linear
transformation so for example one
possibility is to take a logarithm of
the row count and this will give us
curve that looks like this right that
you are seeing here in this case you can
see the high frequency counts the high
counts are penalized a little bit right
so the curve is a sub linear curve
and it brings down the weight of really
hot those really high accounts and this
is what we want because it prevents that
kind of terms from dominating the
scoring function now there is also
another interesting transformation
called PM 25 transformation which has
been shown to be very effective for
retrieval and in this transformation we
have a form that looks like this so it's
K plus 1 multiplied by X divided by X
plus K where K is a parameter X is the
count the raw account of a word now the
transformation is very interesting in
that it can truly kind of go from one
extreme to the other extreme by varying
K and it also is interesting that it has
upper bound K plus 1 in this case so
this puts a very strict constraint on
high frequency terms because their
weight would never exceed the k plus 1
as we vary care if we can simulate the
two extremes so when K is set to 0 we
roughly have the 0 1 vector whereas when
we set the K to a very large value it
would behave more like the linear
transformation so this transformation
function is by far the most effective
transformation function for tax
retrieval and it also makes sense for
our problem setup so we just talked
about how to solve the problem of
overemphasizing a frequently a frequent
the term now let's look at the second
problem and that is how we can paralyze
popular terms no matching there is not a
surprise because the occurs everywhere
but matching eats would count a lot so
how can we address that problem now in
this case we can use the IDF weighting
pop that's commonly used in retrieval
idea for stands for inverse document
frequency
now if doctor the frequency means the
counter of the total number of documents
that contain a particular world so here
we show that the IDF measure is defined
as a logarithm function of the number of
documents that match a tone or document
frequency so K is the number of
documents containing world or document
frequency and M here is the total number
of documents in the collection the IDF
function is giving a higher value for
allo okay meaning that it rewards real
time and the maximum value is log of M
plus 1 that's when the word occurs just
once in the context so that's a very
rare term the rarest utam in the whole
collection the lowest value you can see
here is when K reaches its maximum which
would be M so that's that that would be
a very low value close to zero in fact
right so this this of course measure is
used in search where we naturally have a
collection in our case what will be our
collection well we can also use the
contacts that we can collect for all the
words as our connection and that is to
say a word that's popular in the
collection in general would also have a
low IDF because depending on the data
set we can construct the contacts
vectors in different ways but in the end
if a term is very frequently in the
original dataset then it was DB
frequently in the collective the context
documents so how can we add these
heuristics to improve our
our similarity function well here's one
way and there are many other ways that
are possible but this is a reasonable
way where we can adapt that the be m25
retrieval model for paradigmatically
relation mining so here we define in
this case we define the document vector
as containing elements representing
normalized the PM 25 values so in this
normalization function we see we take
some over sum of all the words and and
we normalize the weight of each word by
the sum of the weights of all the other
words and this is to again ensure all
the excise was something 1 in this
vector so this would be very similar to
what we had before in that this vector
is actually something similar to a word
distribution all the excise was
something 1 now the weight of BM 25 for
each word is defined here and if you
compare this with our old definition
where we just have normalized count on
this one right so we only have this one
and the talking in the lens or the total
count of words in that context document
and that's what we had before but now
with the BM 25 transformation we
introduced something else first of
course this extra occurrence of this
count is just to achieve the sub linear
non normalization but we also see we
introduced the parameter K here and this
parameter is generally not active number
although 0 is also possible right this
controls the the upper bound and the
kinds of kind of voice controls
twat explained it is
relates the the menial transformation
and so this is one parameter but we also
see there is another parameter here P
and this will be within zero and one and
this is a parameter to control length
normalization and in this case the
normalization formula has averaged to
document a length here and this is
computed by taking the average of the
lenses of all the documents in the
connection in this case all the lenses
of all the contacts the documents that
we are considering so this every two
documents will be a constant or for any
given connection so it actually is only
affecting the effect of the parameter P
here and because this is a constant but
I kept it here because it's constant
that's used for in retrieval well it
would give us a stabilized
interpretation of parameter B but for
our purpose this will be a constant so
it would only be affecting the lens from
relation together with parameter B now
with this this definition then we have a
new way to define our document vectors
and we can compute the vector e 2 in the
same way the difference is that the high
frequency terms will now have somewhat
lower weights and this would help
control the influence of these high
frequency terms now the IDF can be added
here in the scoring function that means
we'll introduce a weight for matching
each term so you may recall this sum
indicates all the possible words that
can be overlap between the two contexts
and the X I and why I are probabilities
of
of picking the word from both contacts
therefore it indicates how likely we'll
see a match on this world now IDF would
give us the importance of matching this
world a common world will be worth less
than rare world so we emphasize more on
matching real words now so with this
modification then the new function will
likely address those two problems now
interestingly we can also use this
approach to discover seen a grammatical
relations now in general when we
represent a term vector to represent the
sorry to rebrand context with the term
vector we would likely see some terms
have highways and other terms have lower
weights depending on how we assign
weights to these terms we might be able
to use these weights to discover the
words that are strongly associated with
the candidate award in the context so
let's take a look at the convector in
more detail here and we have each x i
defined as the normal is weight of b m25
now this weight alone only reflects how
frequently the word occurs in the
context but we can't just say any
frequent term in the context that will
be correlated with the candidate word
because many common words like adder
will occur frequently in all the context
but if we apply IDF weighting as you see
here we can then reweighed these terms
based on IDF that means the words that
are common like the will get penalized
so now the highest waiter terms will not
be those common terms because they have
lower ideas instead those terms would be
the terms that are frequent in the
context but not frequent in the
collection so those are clearly the
words that
tend to occur in the context of the
candidate world for example cat so for
this reason the highly weighted terms in
this idea of weighted vector can also be
assumed to be candidates for cinematical
relations now of course this is only a
byproduct of our approach for
discovering para dramatical relations
and in the next lecture we're going to
talk more about how to discover cynic
matica relations but it clearly shows
the relation between discovering the two
relations and indeed they can be
discussed discovered in the joint manner
by leveraging such associations so to
summarize the main idea for discovering
paramedical relations is to collect the
context of a candidate world to form a
pseudo document and this was typically
represented as a bag of words and then
compute the similarity of the
corresponding contacts documents of true
candidate words and then we can take the
highly similar word pairs and treat them
as having priority grammatical relations
these are the words that share similar
contacts there are many different ways
to implement this general idea and we
just talked about the some of the
approaches and more specifically we
talked about using tax retrieval models
to help us design effective similarity
function to compute the parity
chimerical relations
more specifically we have used the PM 25
an idea of waiting to read to discover
paralegal medical relation and these
approaches also represent the state of
the art in text retrieval techniques
finally cynic medical Relations Council
be discovered as a byproduct when we
discover parody compatible relations
you